## [LeetCode 2456](https://leetcode.com/problems/most-popular-video-creator/) Most Popular Video Creator (medium)

- You are given two string arrays `creators` and `ids`, and an integer array `views`, all of length `n`. The `ith` video on a platform was created by `creator[i]`, has an id of `ids[i]`, and has `views[i]` views.
- The **popularity** of a creator is the **sum** of the number of views on **all** of the creator's videos. Find the creator with the **highest** popularity and the id of their **most** viewed video.
    -   If multiple creators have the highest popularity, find all of them.
    -   If multiple videos have the highest view count for a creator, find the lexicographically **smallest** id.
- Return _a 2D array of strings_ `answer` _where_ `answer[i] = [creatori, idi]` _means that_ `creatori` _has the **highest** popularity and_ `idi` _is the id of their most popular video._ The answer can be returned in any order.
- **Example 1:**
    - **Input:** creators = ["alice","bob","alice","chris"], ids = ["one","two","three","four"], views = [5,10,5,4]
    - **Output:** `[["alice","one"],["bob","two"]]`
    - **Explanation:**
        - The popularity of alice is 5 + 5 = 10.
        - The popularity of bob is 10.
        - The popularity of chris is 4.
        - alice and bob are the most popular creators.
        - For bob, the video with the highest view count is "two".
        - For alice, the videos with the highest view count are "one" and "three". Since "one" is lexicographically smaller than "three", it is included in the answer.
- **Example 2:**
    - **Input:** creators = ["alice","alice","alice"], ids = ["a","b","c"], views = [1,2,2]
    - **Output:** `[["alice","b"]]`
    - **Explanation:**
        - The videos with id "b" and "c" have the highest view count.
        - Since "b" is lexicographically smaller than "c", it is included in the answer.
- **Constraints:**
    -   `n == creators.length == ids.length == views.length`
    -   `1 <= n <= 10^5`
    -   `1 <= creators[i].length, ids[i].length <= 5`
    -   `creators[i]` and `ids[i]` consist only of lowercase English letters.
    -   `0 <= views[i] <= 10^5`

### Solution

```java
public List<List<String>> mostPopularCreator(String[] creators, String[] ids, int[] views) {
    Map<String, Long> mapViews = new HashMap<>();
    Map<String, Integer> highest = new HashMap<>();
    int n = creators.length;
    long max = 0;
    for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
        mapViews.put(creators[i], mapViews.getOrDefault(creators[i], 0L) + views[i]);
        max = Math.max(max, mapViews.get(creators[i]));
        if (highest.containsKey(creators[i])) {
            int index = highest.get(creators[i]);
            if (views[index] < views[i] || views[index] == views[i] && ids[i].compareTo(ids[index]) < 0) {
                highest.put(creators[i], i);
            }
        } else {
            highest.put(creators[i], i);
        }
    }
    List<List<String>> result = new ArrayList<>();
    for (Map.Entry<String, Long> e : mapViews.entrySet()) {
        if (e.getValue().equals(max)) {
            List<String> list = new ArrayList<>();
            String creator = e.getKey();
            list.add(creator);
            list.add(ids[highest.get(creator)]);
            result.add(list);
        }
    }
    return result;
}
```

Time Complexity: O(n)

Space Complexity: O(n)
