## [LeetCode 2461](https://leetcode.com/problems/maximum-sum-of-distinct-subarrays-with-length-k/) Maximum Sum of Distinct Subarrays With Length K (medium)

- You are given an integer array `nums` and an integer `k`. Find the maximum subarray sum of all the subarrays of `nums` that meet the following conditions:
    -   The length of the subarray is `k`, and
    -   All the elements of the subarray are **distinct**.
- Return _the maximum subarray sum of all the subarrays that meet the conditions__._ If no subarray meets the conditions, return `0`.
- _A **subarray** is a contiguous non-empty sequence of elements within an array._
- **Example 1:**
    - **Input:** nums = [1,5,4,2,9,9,9], k = 3
    - **Output:** 15
    - **Explanation:** The subarrays of nums with length 3 are:
        - [1,5,4] which meets the requirements and has a sum of 10.
        - [5,4,2] which meets the requirements and has a sum of 11.
        - [4,2,9] which meets the requirements and has a sum of 15.
        - [2,9,9] which does not meet the requirements because the element 9 is repeated.
        - [9,9,9] which does not meet the requirements because the element 9 is repeated.
        - We return 15 because it is the maximum subarray sum of all the subarrays that meet the conditions.
- **Example 2:**
    - **Input:** nums = [4,4,4], k = 3
    - **Output:** 0
    - **Explanation:** The subarrays of nums with length 3 are:
        - [4,4,4] which does not meet the requirements because the element 4 is repeated.
        - We return 0 because no subarrays meet the conditions.
- **Constraints:**
    -   `1 <= k <= nums.length <= 10^5`
    -   `1 <= nums[i] <= 10^5`

### Solution

```java
public long maximumSubarraySum(int[] nums, int k) {
    Map<Integer, Integer> map = new HashMap<>();
    long result = 0, sum = 0;
    for (int i = 0; i < nums.length; i++) {
        sum += nums[i];
        map.put(nums[i], map.getOrDefault(nums[i], 0) + 1);
        if (i >= k) {
            sum -= nums[i - k];
            map.put(nums[i - k], map.get(nums[i - k]) - 1);
            if (map.get(nums[i - k]) == 0) {
                map.remove(nums[i - k]);
            }
        }
        if (map.size() == k) {
            result = Math.max(result, sum);
        }
    }
    return result;
}
```

Time Complexity: O(n)

Space Complexity: O(n)